# topaz

Topaz is a companion to the book "Patterns and Idioms in
SystemVerilog" by Mark Glasser.  It is a library of SystemVerilog and
UVM examples.  These examples demonstrate various design patterns and
idioms discussed in the book.

The library is distributed under the Apache-2.0 open source license
(http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).  You are free to use the
code as you wish as long as you adhere to the terms of the license.

You can use the library by studying and running the example code.  All
of the examples can be compiled and run, though some produce no or
trivial results.

At the top of the distribution tree is a Makefile with these targets:

build -- build all the buildable examples.  The compile log is
generated in each example directory with the name compile.log.

run -- run all the runnable examples.  The log of the simulation run
is generated in each example directory with the name sim.log.

clean -- clean up after build and run

list -- produce a list of all of the examples in the kit


all -- do a clean, build, and run, in that order,

You can build and run each example individually by cd'ing to the
example directory and using make with the following targets:

build -- build the example code.

run -- run the example.

clean -- cleanup files created by build and run.

all -- do a build and run and build the documentation.

The Makefile has some targets for creating documentation files.

text -- Generate text documentation for all the examples.

doc -- Generate both pdf and text documentation for all the examples.
The source documentation is the readme.md file in each example
directory.

latex -- build a latex document (.tex) that describes the examples. To
generate a latex and pdf documentation a version of latex must be
installed, e.g. in a TeXLive package installation.

pdf -- convert the .tex file to a .pdf file.

clean_latex -- clean up all the files generated by the latex file
generation.

clean_pdf -- remove the generated .pdf file.  Also invokes the
clean_latex target.

clean_doc -- remove all of the generated documentation files.

You are encourage to experiment with the examples -- make changes and
try variations -- in order to gain a deeper understanding of the
patterns and idioms exhibited.

All of the makefiles for the individual examples are based on the
make/makefile.common.  To make changes in how the examples are
compiled and run to fit into your local environment make changes in
makefile.common.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
 